A few raw vegans
Hi, I'm Alison Andrews and I'm 34 years old.
And I'm Jay Lentin and I'm 33 years old.
We both follow the lifestyle of raw veganism
with lots of fruits.
We follow the principles of 80/10/10 by Dr. Douglas Graham.
We've been together for 7 years, including 4 years.
We met at work in night clubs in South Africa.
Earlier our lives were revolving around long night shifts,
drinking and a few hours of sleep over the day.
We were both looking for someone to challenge and inspire us.
So when we got together, there was a strong bond between us.
Much of our relationship and social life revolved around food.
We loved eating in restaurants.
We loved it when we could stay home and have our food delivered.
We tried to switch to raw food for several years.
Together we became vegans and then largely raw vegans
and we gradually switched to completely raw food.
The best news for me was that I can eat how much fruit I want.
The biggest challenge for us was to unite
cooked gourmet meals in restaurants and eat raw and healthy food.
Luckily, we came across on our way to hell
the work of doctors like John McDougall and Joel Fuhrman.
So we managed to clarify the health benefits of herbal diet.
When we finally discovered the work of Dr. Douglas Graham
it was like a cherry on a banana pudding.
It was so simple and it made a lot of sense.
It works because we are planning success, rather than failure.
We challenge each other to be the best, not to endure it.
It's really all about being inspired and
surrounded by people who were successful and followed people
who have achieved what you want to achieve.
The biggest reason that keeps me on a raw diet is the level of happiness
which I am able to achieve on a raw diet.
It's incomparable to anything else I can do.
But I totally fight for fruit together.
Jaye likes to eat all my mature manga before I even get a chance.
I often get home in anticipation of fantastic dates and find that they have already eaten them.
It is really important in the relationship to ensure enough good food for both.
We both have our own Vitamix mixer, so we don't have to look for it when it comes to cocktail time.
Jaye strongly supports me.
It mixes the melon that I can take with me to work for breakfast.
When I'm late for work, Alison often has a great salad prepared for me.
It's really great to have a partner that supports your lifestyle.
This way of life inspired us to become my greatest passion in life.
And that was the reason for my website: LovingItRaw.com
I just wanted to share everything about this lifestyle with the rest of the world.
It's really wonderful to be in a relationship where both have a passion for healthy food.
It's so tasty and beautiful. It will make the relationship much better.
Eat fruits. It's very good for your relationship.
Thanks to Alison Andrews for permission to translate.